I have to show you my new logo bro I want I made for my brand oh yeah you
Should let's go look at her in oh shit the blade thought the same girl
Yeah
So even if you're off by an ink of an answer so you start
Swear itself up dude okay within the first few feet all right our few inches
Thank you, and you can manually put pressure on it, too
I think it's cool. I was like oh school
Yeah, it's talking me him a little bit
Dude I want to try to figure out a way like is there anything in job or that you hate that you wish it would do but it doesn't
Well start thinking about that
Okay, well if there's something that you need it to do and it doesn't do let me know and I can
That's the things that I'm looking for those types of shit
I don't want to sit down with you. I'm done. I'm done. You're good
Dude if we need a reschedule like don't even trip like I'm in your business. What'd you say?
Can you go put it in my car?
You
See like this is exactly what I'm talking about
His office lady just got in
It looks like she controls the flow of the service calls
She told Kelsey yesterday that he needs to bring a roll of 24 inch paper and he forgot
And this is the thing
I
Got it since we're gonna be removing that printer and putting this printer and I didn't want to set it up
Who sits here at this computer?
That's my desk. Oh
Okay, can I put this over here then? Yeah, cool. Just it's over there
Hey, I got your printer load up in the back of my truck. I was gonna put it together this morning
But I'm just gonna put it together there since we got to put it on that
So I'm already to go but I got a few things I got to do on this side of town before I leave
So probably gonna not leave you're for like an hour. So I think it's 930 right now
Is that like a phone call oh, that's fine
Oh, I can just leave and you can have your meeting I can come back
15
Yeah, that's cool. I mean we can step out while you had your meetings by now. I don't want to
Okay
Yeah, no, this printer said he said oh man, I was shocked
So I just put it in the back of the printer
We'll figure it out I got bring in a guy with me too, so
Yeah, okay, all right, man. Okay, bye
Good on time sweet so I was like reflecting last night and
Do you know we've known each other for almost three years dude crazy, right? I know
Yeah, so you just moved to this shop like right around that same time because the met you sent me an address to the old shop
That was like by Walmart or something
So this is job
Yes, so I
I was Joe was walking me through that and he said the map is a really handy feature actually them and
Bring this over here. So I
When I sit here and look at this I'm overbooked for the day
See how it says unscheduled unscheduled there's a filter I can turn that off. So we have a unscheduled
Thing that goes to the things that are out of town. So show unscheduled
So how do you like jobber? I mean, I
Like it for this reason right here like this is my day like the way that we use it. I've got these filters over here, right?
so
We each have a person and then we have a division so like
Anything that has to do with me is usually going to service so I can filter the schedule
But not see everything on my schedule like this is all that's on my list for the day of things I got to do
I got a city of Glendale. I got installed this printer for the sky
When I pick on it, I can tell the sky hey, I'm on my way
You know, I just pick on this and however long a GPS tells me I hit saying dude
I said it's pretty legit so you know what you're saying I go here and I put I punch in directions
You know, so now I know it's gonna take me 50 minutes to get there. So you like the map integration is that your favorite tool?
No, what is you so you just like yeah, like so
I think you guys gotta hit back
Okay, so when I pull up it tracks my time
You like the geofence to clock in as it pulls up use the address for reference so it automatically clocks you in when you hit that
Geofence. Yeah, so like when I'm there. I'm looking at this. I've got my visit a list of puts my notes right here
So Robin suburbs my contact so I can check out. I want to right and this is what I'm doing. I got the install for 9.50
I got a processing key on there and
There's my team so Kelsey and servicer on there so like
Service like things I don't have to do right now that I'm working on I keep in the service schedule
I keep bumping them forward right and then I can just look at my Kelsey sketches. I don't get over a well feeling right
And then from right here the details this takes me to the company's information when we have like custom fields
The people I can go there address information right here. I can do most of the stuff from here
Like which everyone start is the one that's gonna get text from here. I could text the guy from right here
And then she can text him and we all can be texting right here. So I have okay, so got you so it pretty much creates a hub
To every all the text is all the messages get sent to everybody, but one
Central point if you call this phone number, right? You're texting it gets forward straight to my office got it
So you just get picked up. Yeah, you can call the number dial extension or you can text it and
In every sees pictures and all that. So I really I'm really like that
And then like so another thing I like about it
It's from the home view like as I'm as I'm finishing jobs and stuff like that like when I go to the stairs on the when I get when I get finish here
I complete the visit and it says invoice now or later
I say later because she puts my notes and she she's dealing with the billing and all that shit
So it goes into a queue basically of things that she still needs to do today like things that have been invoiced and so like at the end of every day
Like right Alyssa at the end of every day like if I say I completed a job
You have a list over there. You're looking at saying like this has to be invoiced. Yes
So at the end of the day you get his service list and then he just says while I'm doing it every time I leave a job
I call her and fill her in on it because I try and then you fill out the ticket. I'm trying to earn the loop of everything
I'm doing because her memory is not good and if I don't have she doesn't know idea what's going on at all
Right
So I try and like call her and explain to her what to do right right takes notes down then she's like okay
Now she's put together quotes for me that I got a review to send and like there's just
Ooh
Okay, this is cool though. This is exactly what I'm looking for so quick question when he sends you that report
You're writing them down, right?
I already like this is she's jotting them down quickly so she can but I like where are you jotting those at?
I'm okay cool. Awesome. Perfect
And then she transcribes it into job or and everything that we do I want it to be in job or so
We're gonna be doing something like I'm working on this printer next door the other thing I like about it is this right here
I didn't show you this I'm gonna cancel right here. So say I finish this job, but I'm not done
It's like the I need more parts. What I'll do is I'll come over here. I'll schedule a new visit for tomorrow
Mm-hmm
And then I can complete this visit so every time I showed up at this place
It's like a job and keep the track of the history of everything I did
So and then then when I come over here I have my notes
So what I'm doing the job I take a bunch of pictures and then I come in here and I add the note and I add all the
Pictures of all the work that we that was done. So where is the disconnect of this when you're entering this versus what you're sending Alyssa
No, I've already entered out my notes and shit. So but what then what are you sending to Alyssa that she's writing down on a sticky note?
So occasionally he calls when he's driving
Let her talk let her talk
So occasionally he calls when
He's tops of the client either over the phone or he's driving he can't do it himself
He calls he gives me all the information tells me okay, so I need you to make a quote
We need this for this client include this this and this I
Drop that down. I'm like, okay, cool. Bye. I'll get that done
Then I put it in
I so the way this onboarding system works and just so you know we have developed I started an agency to help
Efficient make things systems more efficient communication. So no, it's a difficult. So yeah, so yes
We're using AI, but AI is the sizzle. It ain't the steak, right?
I don't want to convict come like we are
AI consultants or AI
You know an agency, but ultimately what I'm trying to do is build your own software for
Kelsey and plotter mechanics. So this is exactly what I need so when you send her the tickets you're having to call
What does she doesn't answer what happens you leave a voicemail
She's very good at answering okay, but what do you prefer him leaving a voicemail versus you having to write it down
Okay, so then
How many times do you say out of five times he sends the invoice or information that you don't get it or you're away from your phone or something like is there a
A gap is there a gap where sometimes the information does again translate it correctly and now we filled out an
Invoicing correctly and we lost an opportunity. Is that ever happened often?
I mean not often
Maybe once it happens, but if he texts or he leads a voicemail and I don't understand I immediately call him
Sweet perfect. What is this? Okay cool awesome awesome
I have a difficult time communicating sometimes when I'm overwhelmed and what I
How do you like using your voice message like do you know how you can send a text message by recording yourself instead of I just I
Basically send text messages. Okay, um
Can you just try instead like do you know how to send a voice okay?
I
Work when we develop systems. I'm trying to get these AI voice agents
To do a lot of the heavy lifting. I think we talked about setting up a recorder here to trans like to record the office environment
So like for instance, yesterday she had told you about paper that you needed to put on the truck
Well that agent would have said hey Kelsey before you leave did you grab the paper for the truck from your job?
Yeah, I kind of stuff sounds cool to me. Yeah, so that but that's what I'm trying to say you know
Like I was a perfect instance this morning about what I'm trying to help you do so
I'm not I have to refrain from suggesting anything that we know about um
like
Managing the data because before you came along. There was a guy that was working with my church
Mm-hmm, and he was putting some API thing together in the back end that had on my dad. I think we
All my information because I have
We're and you paid five you paid like five grand for that right and where is that?
Do you have his information? Okay, would you uh
Would you be would you think it would be like a situation? Hey, hey, I am working for Kelsey
He asked me to reach out as a his consultant for this data set
Can we can we do that and you would I can work as that consultant for you? Yeah sweet. I think I think I can get him to
To help me at least
At least educate you on what you do. Yeah, like you film me up
You really have no idea. What do you spend seven grand? Yeah, so let me not let that go to waste
Let's use that as because I would be really curious to see what data sets he pulled already
Yeah, because they know he had access to everything like he was he was he was he was basically building a database and what I was going to connect
Shopify Java
Basically the whole back in there was going to be a portal that we would be able to get through yep, yep
and
Then we would start marketing and doing all this shit
But I saw any results. What happened with it? What happened? Stop paying in my every week. So because so because
I do that basically what happened is
I don't think that he understood the complexity of what I'm actually dealing with right upside with all the different
Right, which is a model number is all the information, right? So he said he could do it
But then since we built our website in properly from the get go
We didn't have the I don't know how they call it
But there's categories and they call it different things and we didn't have it that way for instance like we sell paper by the role
It comes in a two path
So you can the inventory management system kind of fucked up
Do you have an inventory management system Alyssa? No, so there's no inventory management system
Do you like it?
Yeah, they have a count of what's inside each box and a list our inventory system is garbage and that is
It doesn't work. I can't use it. It's completely unusable and I have no fucking clue of what I have in store sweet
And the system was already what do you use to manage your inventory nothing nothing so you say there's a spreadsheet or something right now
That's what I saw that board so I was curious about it because like I was like fuck if I rub my arm against the board
What am I wiping out?
Okay, cool. Okay, so
So
Guys, this is these are exactly what like I'm already thinking about creating
Again, I got a refrain from what I can create because I got to go to the developers right now like working with a bookkeeper your wife is what working with a bookkeeper
Okay, my taxes and shit in line
And starting January 1st we're starting with a fresh clean quick books
Oh, so you have your reconciled reconciled your books
Okay, I just reconciled dude like a $700,000 difference
In our quick books. It was fucking crazy dude like holy shit. I didn't know how hard it was to reconcile your fucking books
Yeah, okay, so this is all good shit anyways. She's dealing with that. So January we're gonna start over from scratch and I want to
I got all these printers over here in parts and pieces and I don't have an inventory system
Like if I knew what I had the stock I could sell it eBay and all kinds of shit, but I can't do anything with it
Okay, so I'm just gonna go start going over to the basic questions that thing that he was dealing with was gonna have all my inventory
It was gonna be a portal where I was gonna be able to add my products put my images and it was gonna populate all of the different
Shopify
Quick books jobber with one click
This is gonna be fucking yep, yep, so
That's what I was doing, but I could work with the guy bro. I couldn't manage it. So I
I got that he's I got a whole folder full of this shit. I don't know where it's at. Nikki has it. I'm gonna ask her for it
Who make use your wife? Yeah, okay. What's that guy's name?
John oh, it's always John
No, what's that guy's in the work for me
The guy that was a web dude that didn't do anything
Malik
Hey, do you have that packet of information Malik gave me after I let him go
At the house somewhere a question mark
Um, I was about to find it, but I wanted me to have all the information. He
He was like adamant about as I do. I don't give a shit about your information like it
You know all it's gonna happen is I'm gonna go to someone else
They're gonna tell me all this is bullshit and that they got a whole other way to do it
Yeah, so I'm sorry you had to go through that experience and and it makes my job more difficult, right?
But honestly it makes me better and this is why we're doing this, right?
You're helping me get better
Ultimately, I'm here to make you more money, right? That's my plan
When I make you more money I get paid right and that's how I'm going about it
Bro, I am seeing the dollar signs and I have to refrain from making any suggestions right away
Because ultimately it's not me who's gonna
Modify your operational plan. It's the team, right? So I have
Macau he is a systems like engineer, right? He develops systems, right?
He works for the Air Force. He's done contracts with the Pentagon. I have Trent
He is a robotics engineer like he can
Build it's called IoT Internet of Things so that recording system the camera system that we talked about like anything you
Mind can fathom like he does industrial
Um communication industrial programming industrial like shit. I'd be really curious to see
What kind of system he can put together for you just in the
Hardware itself like the printers
The scanners like all of your gadgets
I would assume are just connected to your network
And the only way you can communicate to your hardware is via
Protocol through your windows database like
Like you to pull up your printer specs. You have to go to the queue or the app and you side your deal, right?
Oh, no, he just got to the printers. Yeah, like yeah, but I'm trying to make that I like would you
Would you like to see all your printers on one dashboard and be like like
This and again, I'm just I don't know what these guys are capable of but and then I got Matthew
This guy used to work for Amazon. He helped build Amazon's environment to my what I believe. I'll show I'll show you their websites
They have their own
I'm just the guy to help the acquisitions
Now I you know how I've been since for three years. We know each other
I have been chasing this dream ultimately to kind of just
help
Make connections and it's been working and now I developed my first software
Intellectually did it know how to really develop it
That's when I paid for this program. That's where I met these cats. So we're all
paid a lot of money just to get into this room
To ultimately help us figure out our own goals
I just so happened in my first week met these guys and I was like
I was like meant to be dude straight up like I honestly truly feel that I have gods hand and
People's hand on my shoulders and I'm guiding me
Along this path and I'm hearing your problems and I'm seeing the opportunity
So what we are working out right now why I have all these cameras and you know
The big this is like literally the beginning to our agency. You are going to be our first client
that we are going to
Use this as our rollout method our onboarding process, right? So I appreciate that and I don't take that lightly
So I took the time last night. We have these processes, right?
So we have this five question for us to pretty much hone in on your
constraints, right? And then the other pages I put together. I did some market research
for you
About the opportunities that you shared with me about your
Wanting to expand a little bit, but you can't expand if you don't have the processes and procedures in place
To support the expansion, right? That you're creating a
Fucking heading. So what my thought in my plan is let's let's get this thing
Let's get this shop tuned in dialed in, right? So it makes a list of life a whole lot easier
Where now she can be working on the business not in the business, right? Yeah, and then
Same thing with you like I and and ultimately if we can
Illustrate to you Kelsey that we saved you or made you a significant amount money more every month by integrating our systems
It gives you the ability to level up
It gives you the information like I can afford another $40 an hour employee if he's gonna do this this and this and this
And my margins stay the same of what I was used to before
But you can't make those calculations because you don't ultimately know the bottom and your operational cost your daily operational
But it's but it's not really accurate because you don't know how much an assets and inventory you have
Yeah, and then not so that's let's focus on that side now
Now you're getting your books reconciled and your cash flow statements going now
Let's see how much money you really have sitting in just inventory
Your machines do we know how much each one of these cost like all these
Do you have it like you that's what I'm trying to get you at let's let's start
I think let's start there. So I'm gonna go through these questions
So the first one is the biggest problem
Kelsey for plotter mechanics. What is the single biggest operational or financial friction in the business right now?
The problem that keeps you working late
I do everything
I mean I do everything I come in here
I
Load all this crap into my car. I drive it all over town
I fix everybody's printers while my phone is blowing up all day long trying to communicate with Alyssa
Between stops and then by traffic for an hour like last night, you know one hour for me at home
Like I'm trying to change Joe so I can at least split the tasks
You know, so I've been spending time with him working harder
I'm so exhausted of
Uh, pouring myself into people like I'm like that's the last thing I'm pouring myself
So I'm gonna I'm gonna try and teach him some things so he could you could do half of the jobs at least right up
Half of my task would be it would be it for me tomorrow
Good job. Mm-hmm. I just have been trying to train and to teach him a little bit more
So I was talking to Joe about that a little bit because you don't have any SOPs. You don't have any
Systems in place to make
One task redundant right for instance loading paper whatever jobs that need to be done here first
Before moving out into the field like you don't have those types of systems in place, right
From what I gather from talking to Joe like there's no standard operation
You know she's she's contacting me and saying hey, let's go over your schedule for tomorrow
You know like you got this job that job this part that part and it's all on your shelf over there
I have a shelf that floats over there that she gets it all stacked up
Cool cool
No
So
So I depends on how that's what I was telling Joe like
how cool would it be to have
Plotter Mechanics his own like app and let's say like when you are ready to start onboarding people
The hardest part about onboarding somebody is the training
How do you get them up to speed? It takes you another week two weeks of training, right?
What if I would have we spent time and energy and developing a system to train people to follow a step by step
Guide to do mundane tasks that need to be done around the shop
Right, but the problem is that you have to spend another dollar
Meaning hiring and I have another employee to hold that employees hand, right?
Well, instead of putting that dollar on an employee that has to keep
Habitually doing it every single time somebody comes through the doors as a hire
Well, let's just give them a login and now they have this app that walk them through the
base
Responsibility of your position. Oh, and
You need to know how to load paper or printer here. Here's here's the printer on your app
Here's all the things you need to know about this printer. It's all right here manuals
Extructions videos how to load the paper what you know what I mean like break it down to that kind of level to help
retain
Quality I think that has been one of your point pain points that you mentioned in the past is that you can't find quality help
right and
This gives you the ability to at least start finding that quality
I
You can't hire somebody not give them what you said, right, you know
And that you know that's fine. That's works that that's how we operate but the problem is Kelsey is that when you leave it up to
Interpretation it costs you money
Oh, yeah, lots of it
And we are trying so you have all these sives and we're just trying to fuck make that funnel fucking weak proof, you know
so
I got a really good idea of your base problem now the cost of that problem based on your experience
how much is this
Problem whether it's through lost revenue
Unexpected maintenance the labor cost the cost of business per month
What would be your estimated value on that problem
