is like dude you tell me what you know I have some questions that I can
ultimately start having you look at you like well I get set up so these are
pretty much this kind of the script of what I'm gonna stick to the whole point
of why we're doing this is a for me to learn how to interview a business owner
in a way like I'm all I'm trying to do is understand the story of your
business the story of the problems you occur every day ultimately if we pursue
that type of I don't want to say interview but that process of just telling the
story right that's kind of my approach to ultimately provide you the
resources and as far as the integrations the communications all that kind of
stuff so where's that job at
I'll show you what I do I'll show you how I basically what I'm doing so
you see that looks killer bro I love that and then it's the back he sent me a
proof earlier where the fist was right in the center and it was right across the
whole car and I kind of like that better but I also I told him to put all that
latex btf shit on the on the roof rack thing because people are gonna stare at
that thing on my roof on the traffic oh yeah like put so let go around it
with like bullet points at an angle or something I don't I don't know if there
was a way to put that right there oh dude I think like having that up on the
top of the roof I think that might be pretty cool I should you could have it in
there twice but originally it had it across the back of the whole trunk oh yeah
like it was like right here like towards a license plate right yeah right like
the wrist was like right at the bottom of the trunk and like a whole boom across
there but I was like and I I wanted to give me that I wanted to move that shit up
to the car carrier because that's where people are gonna be staring at my
traffic right right right and at my car and they'll be able to read it just like
the key words like I put like I don't I don't really know how to do it by put
latex dtpdg solvent you curable aquis resin like all the key words that people
would know in the industry you know I mean if you don't know what that means I
mean you don't know what I do it really matter right and I got my little barcode
there so they could take a picture of people that you know are savvy to that stuff
and hyperlinks are the way to go so I've I created a new logo I want I want
you to see it but let me see oh yeah dude that's fire so yeah I wonder is that
an HHR I'm no it's a silent oh is it a sign I'm gonna I'm gonna probably second
surface wrap the car carrier you know I mean to put the decals up there
like the information and I might do the logos of the companies in color on
there mmm like where it says cannon make a pop a little bit like you go
do you talk about these ones yeah but I can put those on after I do the
wrap well wouldn't you use for HP HP would be blue right so use like their logos
yeah I moved those blue graphics blue cannons red yeah I think that would pop off
like almost like a race car you know put all your sponsors on there so I might
put that on the on the roof rack up top or I like I kind of like it looks across
the bottom of lower across like the the kit panel yeah I like it on the lower
like like yeah if you make them a little bigger along the bottom there yeah that's
what like I can put like a white stroke around the outside it is so kind of pops
out of there yep so how is your Adobe so cycle going like because before you had
Lee in taking all of the artwork that I submitted through Adobe is are you
guys able to start or like still do like so let's say if you have a random
person who created their artwork in Adobe can you help them modify the
document to get to print ready of whatever they're
do Joe's pretty good at this that's what I was trying to say Joe like we saw this guy
a printer he had a cutter and I was like oh that's a shit Joe like that's the same
when I got in my house house like oh yeah I forgot dude because they have a bunch
of cheap as Chinese tool that there's a dude they he's got a Chinese
bender for making like channel letters and shit you know how to run all that
stuff he saw he saw this machine that was like 10 12 feet long yesterday and
he was like oh I could run that I was like damn dude I don't even know what that is
no shit yeah and then like we went to this guy's office yesterday and I was like the
guy called me out because he wanted to trade me for my printer for his bus that
asked one and I'm like and then give me some broken laminor so I get I you know
I get in courtesy of stopping by well on the way there he's like oh dude maybe
you know my printer you know like I'm having all these problems I got this
rat I got to try wrap these cars I got to fix a panel I can get to match and so
I'm like okay well this is kind of turning to a service called this point I
mean so I go over there and I look at the situation I'm like look bro I go
this original shit you pray is wrong like you were missing a color of
print he's like yeah but it looks cool dude I go I don't give a shit but to
recreate something that looks cool when your printer was running off of you
know a missing channel of a print head you let your lack of percent of your
blackout look at your black text it's like blue yeah be liked it and I was like
well recreate that shit good luck dude not even perfect my expert but I zoomed
in on it and showed it to him like like you showed him the pixel counts well
just take it like look at this man I believe I see yeah right there
these are the two colors and I'm like this this is it's not from a distance but
up close oh yeah look how much bleed there is right is that what you're looking at
everything looks like shit but just look at look at this is that this is what it
looks like so you got like some cyan magenta yellow some greens you know but
you don't see a lot of black I mean there's there's a there's blacks in
their black so that's how you're determining that quality that's what he
liked oh but this is what he was getting and what is that again why is this
just zoom in this is what everything looks like oh so this is just the
great and then you use your use your camera to kind of well I'm just looking at it
just saying look at the way this looks like see how dark that is like more more
there's no white in the background you see how it's just all color if you look
at this one over here there's lots of vacant space in the back you know
I mean like white areas right where the other one just flooded with ink so
like I'm at how he created that color who knows man like you just got to start
guessing and making sure he's trying to like match a panel like they did the panel
wrong where the where the text is lined up like this on the doors uh-huh he's
got to redo the panel well now he's gonna have to match that color in the
center and it's gonna look like shit like you're gonna have to do the whole back
of the man you know to get it to look where this guy that just spent three or
four thousand dollars and he's gonna shit his pants and he looks at it oh my
gosh he's got three partially done wraps and the guy's stressing out you know
it's like not my fault but I spent an hour by time there looking at his
broken fucking laminators while he's asking me for advice and I tell him telling
him you know I go look dude he's like I go just work with Michael dude like I
go Michael better than I am at this anyway he said yeah but he's busy dude I go
well he got to wait for his ass dude like you know like I don't know how often do
you uh come in those scenarios
daily that's cool yeah yeah yeah I'm doing an install for a guy that right now
today you know he's paying me a thousand bucks to do an install on an
else it's crazy but some guy and Scott still wants somebody to hand
deliberate into his house into this funky situation really yeah I don't have a
problem doing it and now that I got personal oh that's the one you were talking
about earlier right Joe Joe so Joe he jumped in on that guy's computer
started to eat in the color bar and within like two tries had his closest
anything that guy got in hours that's so we leave and I charged him you know I
go tell this I go to service go I've only got pictures we got proof we did all
this stuff and the guy just hits his pants and I still have to get back to him
because I just now I know what I'm dealing with like somebody who
appreciated what I did and came out there and you know right I go look you know
here's the deal dude like the first thing is next time before you print a
document do a nozzle check to make sure your machine's up hard so that you
can recreate this shit later on like I mean so you're so if your machine is
running at top notch and you print a wrap right right at HP and you come back
with two months later and do it again it's it's not it's really gonna look
identical dude so is there like God is it because people just don't know
do you think or like why what makes wow this easy he's just ignorant beyond the
fact that once you set up a printer he works like he's like he's like who looks
he looks good so I was like well it doesn't look right I was like look at
your monitor and look at what you look look what you gave the guy like he still
look right but this with your monitor and what you're
printing out over here they look a lot of like you know you're trying to make
what's on the monitor look like not what it's coming out of the printer and
that's not I mean I've got on the tools to figure it out but I don't know how to
use them dude like spectra partometers and I have a $3,000 spectra that I
what's a spectra it's a it's a media profiler
and is it a tool it's a it's a it's a camera dude it's a color camera that
takes a picture of the color and gives a gives you a value of that color
and then where's the output go to that like is it just like a like is it
give you like a grade or like you create a profile so like HP's actually
have a built-in spectra partometer in them oh really yeah okay HP
their print head drips all over the place so they have they have always had a
way to self-calibrate since the beginning so if you're the alignments they're
self-calibrate. Morning!
What's that?
Oh lemony yeah oh yeah I gotta go show him what he is his lamp.
Do it dude you guys find let me get prepped do you
do me I'll stop the recordings no worries yeah yeah let me go over there and help
yeah do you want me to take the mic off for a second you can go over there and make
a video about it for real awesome let me do it make a video I'm I sold this guy
this am here I'm gonna show him what he's right now cool you already got
that's bitches who did that for you uh Lushdub Media yeah check it out dude I'm
gonna I'm gonna see look you're already promoting him bro I'm getting my self
since I have all the machines but he designed it right I'm gonna change
it who's gonna lay it down uh probably Gus at the end of the
speak down here because Lushdub is really good man this guy Lushdub and Gus
worked together like yeah so I just fixed his printer form recently and so I'm
like let me use you to design my rap because you he's he's talented so I couldn't
get a good job but I mean I'm just working with the guy because I'm trying to
promote him too you know like I'm taking his money so I'm like
you know all right well let's go do you say event
yeah what kind of event oh is that up there in Scottsdale
how are you doing Chris
oh you know there's somebody else in me I thought he was with him what'd you say there's
somebody else in it
you're your your name's Mike right
oh man
yeah things have progressed fairly quickly for me I actually so the reason
why I was doing the media stuff was to get my foot in the door with clients
oh
anyways the reason why I was doing that is because I uh developed an idea for software
right you're telling me that and so then I uh got involved with this AI agency
to learn how to develop it my first week I found a group of developers
okay and now we have all four of us have teamed up and now it looks like we're starting
a legit agency now and we're just focusing on just like do it's been less than a week but we
already have our all our environment set up right and now we're starting to figure out how the
onboarding works and um yeah so we're just sticking to pretty much basic CRM type applications
to really just start capturing every single lead that comes through anybody that's what we're
focusing on starting there but ultimately plan will be to develop um custom your own custom
software and it's not as expensive as it is what it used to be right and uh yeah so just trying
to figure out how that looks for each client so there was a guy who popped up at Kelsey's office
right when we were walking out so yeah it's been uh it's been interesting interesting turn
of events
let me go get my coffee real quick
it's me
actually while you're doing that I want to create a you'll see
well but I do want something happen like for you okay let me know if he's worth
I'm gonna call you yeah call me either way and let me know man because I need to know I've got a
pie I got a contact I've been too busy bro to just dig down on it a listen to trying to figure it out
but I know she sent a whole bunch of them back because it was doing the same thing to other people
I don't I have the same machine you have next door and I can test yours in there I just
have time to do it right now because and it doesn't matter if it works in mine it doesn't work in yours
yeah I'll have her test those in mine I'll let you know you test those in here to let me know
do you need a hand Kelsey? Do you need a hand with anything?
okay I'm gonna take a I'm gonna create a 3d picture a model of your building if that's okay
yeah then I'll be over there okay
oh no
dude that was a hard fall
I mean you don't want all this you don't have to do all this every time you go to use it
you know I don't need like your environment sucks so you guys just do what you gotta do
I don't like covers because I don't like put them on take it along
okay so I mean here we can do is on how to read look at this structure I've got to get it yeah so
there you go
is it under here right?
it difficult to sit down
it's getting in there
if you need a pass where there's loads of legislative
So yeah, the slamming is the only thing that makes me down.
So what I like to do, I don't have my thing anymore, but I used to have a trimmer where
I could probably do it when you pull the back or back here, and then you slice it up
with that.
I know.
But I had one that was really thin.
I got another thing.
I have one of those too.
Cool.
So what I like to do, and what I like about the slamming is, oh yeah, that's terrible.
That cut my light meter the first day, I had it, they rolled over the wheel, and
printed the power cord out of the back.
This is a pedal.
It's like a pedal.
You're up with that thing when you're done with this man, and we'll see that.
I would just pick it up and set it up there, man, because you roll over it back and
it'll rip it out of the back if you need it.
Oh, nice, oh yeah, that's fun.
I did part of it.
So that's perfect.
So look at it.
You want to take the material, wrap it over that roll, and get it going back this way,
okay.
Pull that back here, and then you can just, like, when you're loading the media in the
printer, whatever, like, you can find it here, or not find it up.
I'm not that far yet.
You have to take it out yet.
But you want to, you definitely, if you're looking to spin those, they've all gone.
Numbers on.
I've seen, I've seen, I've seen, I've seen, I've seen, I've seen, I've seen, I've seen,
before I go with it around the slamming.
I don't know.
It's 70 there, and this is 70.
It's the same on those sides.
It looks right.
So, if you set these all to 70, then you're going to be at least in the right ballpark.
You take a, it's a little bit skewed right here, but that doesn't really matter what
matters.
You'll be taken on it, and then you get a square.
It's a little bit skewed right here, but that doesn't really matter what matters,
you'll be taken on it at least.
Well, there you go, so it's six times bigger though.
Well, there needs to be a magic in the room.
But it has to spread their abs down to each other anyway.
So you can get eight more.
So, sixty-nine is where you want to put it.
Okay, here, here, here, and also with your take up drill over here.
That's where the echo of the power of that, that's where they sound.
Okay cool.
Anyway, look, if you get back here and you can see all the materials,
like, I'm squaring it up right there.
See what I pull up to left because that way, right?
Like, there's a certain spot where, you know, like it's touching all the way across there.
So, it's through the hole there from the center.
Okay, and then I hit the lift butt back here and drop the pressure.
That way, now, it's not going to be able to move.
Okay, and when I pull on it, when I pull it back on it,
I pull this so that it doesn't get up.
That applies to the brakes.
They cause this to lock up for it if you can.
You know, your pull on right there, so you want to hit this,
it's not stuck there.
You also have this brake.
So, you pull to see how this lets the brake going on here.
Go back there and feel it.
So, at the time, you push your arm out and you do it.
Like, grab that paper, pull on it.
Keep your hands and feel how it feels.
And I think that the brake should be a little stronger,
like maybe you've got to feel something.
Now, more.
Like, brake.
Feel that.
Feel that.
See that here?
Now, feel this.
Do, like, come over here and feel how tight that thing is right now.
Now, twist it.
Right here.
Feel that pressure.
Yeah.
You need to have pressure back, but not too much.
You're going to curl the media up like when it comes out.
You've got too much.
You're going to have fingers.
What that does is it keeps the tongue on the roll.
And it also keeps it going straight.
You know, and it ain't because, without that back pressure,
it'll start to walk around.
Okay.
So, send it right up over there.
I can show you the whole pressure.
Like I said, if you can back it up, you don't want to waste your material.
You know, I think so.
Now, watch.
Walk it back and forth on that on the table.
That's the right watch out.
Slide down the roll.
Let me see the light.
Let me see the light.
Feel it?
Yeah.
So, find that center point and hit the lift button over there.
Okay.
It's hard to work with.
You've got a lot of tapeless pressure.
I found that that clear tape works pretty good.
Back and tape.
Yeah.
Sometimes it works as a backer better than the table.
So, there's three different pieces to one laminate.
Is that what this is?
There's only two pieces to it.
But this is the backer right here.
So, this is going to take the backer up.
So, he doesn't have to deal with it.
Got it.
So, that's okay.
Once we get it going, it'll be all right.
So, now that you have it locked down tight,
it's a little blade right here.
It's that right here.
You can take it back flat right here a little bit,
just don't slide the roll.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
