So that's okay, once we get it going, it'll be all right, but you may have to tape it a couple times.
So now that you have it locked down and tight, then you take your little blade right here.
And if you can separate this, you can give it some slack right here a little bit, just don't slide the roll.
And then if you can get in here,
you can separate that.
And not that talented with the vinyl.
There it is.
And then how is this where you just grab like that?
Maybe.
Oh yeah.
So you take that and then slice that.
This is nice because it won't tear up your roll or you can't slice a hole in it.
I should have had a line before they cut a hole in it.
All right, perfect.
So now we can leave that, but now we're going to need to advance it a little bit.
Pull that underneath.
It should be plugged in the back, but now it's easier.
Somebody cut the wires, I'm going to expose them.
Yeah, stop it.
This seems not working.
Hang on, let me see.
Oh shit, you know what?
What?
It's in, well right now it's in zero.
Oh shit, you know what?
It's in, well right now it's in zero.
Okay, now it's in gear.
Well that sucks.
I think that this thing is fucked up or something, hold on a second.
I'm going to go get the switch off of mine.
It makes it hard to use it if you don't have a foot throttle.
There's only two wires on it, hold on a second.
I'm going to go get the one off of my machine.
I mean you can use it with the button, but it's just not.
You need your hands.
You need your hands for you.
Yeah.
I'm going to steal the foot throttle off this.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, ask him.
Ask away, I'll be back in a little while.
I'll be back for my interview in a minute, man.
I keep getting it, I keep getting interrupted.
Let's see if this works.
I mean this can't be very complicated.
Yeah, what the hell is something that I don't want that switch bro?
You got to take a look at that.
Take a look at that close here when you're...
Something simple because that doesn't work.
No, it got ran over before in the past and somebody...
They pulled it out of the back of the machine, so it probably happened again.
They probably pulled the wires out of there.
There's only two, three of them.
I need this.
That's what I'm saying.
When you're done with it, if you can, pick it up and set it up here so you're not running it back and forth.
Especially when you don't have any room to work.
So, you know, you're not doing a, you know, typically, do you have an empty core laying around?
No, a 54-inch core, like an empty one.
Where?
No, this?
Yeah, let me have that.
So you understand that the way the release is and all the shit are on this, right?
You got to turn this to where it's facing you.
I'm going to put that one on 1692, right?
Sure.
So, pull this back taunt.
Oh, it's rolling up on itself or something else going on, huh?
You got it a little bit forward.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So, you can manually move it here.
And then you can tape this back here.
I don't, I like to just tape it in the center if I can because it feel like it can get, you know,
if you want you tape it on both sides, you're committed.
This has like a sticky side on it.
So, you pull that around like that.
Where's our little slit that I cut in there?
Have you got to it yet?
No.
Okay.
So, now it's connected there.
It's going to, it's going to wrap itself around there.
Okay.
So, we just want to make sure that it, okay, this is coming up here.
Yeah, that's because we haven't taped this to the back or yet.
That's okay.
That just came undone.
That's this.
It just keeps, that's saying that sometimes that clear tape works better, but that's okay.
We're getting ready to tape this, we're getting ready to tape this on there so it doesn't matter.
We're going to tape this good to this.
So, look.
Now that we got this right here,
we have our shits on 69-ish.
It can straighten itself out to some degree.
So, you're just going to lift that off of there.
Let me turn this off.
Let me, let me, let me turn this way, let me tape it this way.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, you guys got, you got to find a good spot for your shit.
Keep it there.
Tell me like a long one, kind of, I'm going to tape right here.
Go all the way across.
Let me start here and get this.
As soon as it, as soon as it comes around once,
like, and then also what you need to have now that you've got this loaded,
is you need to have some, like, waste material.
That's what those are right there.
This is waste?
Yeah.
Cool.
Now that we have this taped on here,
this has got a clutch on it, too.
And this, this tension here is going to change with time, too,
because you've got to kind of dance that thing at the right thing
as the diameter changes.
So,
Nope, came off.
Came on tape.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, look, you can hit the reverse button right here.
Rewind it.
Like, do you tighten this up?
Look, right here.
Tighten that up.
And you're just pulling it backwards.
Okay.
Rewind tape it again.
What's this?
Oh, that...
Hang on.
Let's go like this.
That's the...
Tighten yours up.
Tighten that roll up.
Pull it all the way tight, so that's...
See how...
There you go.
And the hold it snug like that.
I've got...
Let me try to find this clip here.
If I got it, I'll leave it for more.
Okay, go ahead.
Right here, brother.
Is that nice?
Oh.
Just pop that up.
I'm doing that one all the way here.
I think that if it sticks, once it goes around, it's going to be fine.
What the fuck was that?
I've bumped this again.
Oh, okay.
All right, well, nothing should have changed, but since, you know, it's loose, it's already connected to the drive roller down there.
All you want to do is just snug this back up again.
And let it back down.
So, lift.
So, we've got our brake going on there.
We're not going to be putting an original in there.
I mean, we're not going to be putting a roll here, but otherwise you'd have this at $69.2, you know.
And that's a tricky setup right there, because you've got to make sure you have it square.
Right.
And when you get it in there, you've got it going in there, you know what I mean?
See how loose the problem with that right there is trying to do that race car wrap.
You've got to start square, dude, and I mean, you can do it.
You just got to, you have to practice.
It's like riding a bicycle, dude.
Like, it doesn't just happen the first time.
Like, you got to make some mistakes and shit, so it's better to practice with smaller things, but this is all the things I've learned.
So, I feel good about it right now.
Like, I feel like I could go ahead and start that lamination and go, but I'm going to stop.
I'm going to show you the process of putting this piece in there really quick and how to start from there.
So, I'm going to take this off.
I just got some cheap, like, 15-inch bond.
I just cut a piece off and stick, yeah, I just 20-pound bond, 15-inch roll.
I'll stick it in there.
Because once you have this, like, all curled up, it makes it kind of hard to work with, too.
Like, trying to get this to go in there.
But, you know, when you're going to laminate something,
and the thing I like about the 15-inch roll is that every time I pull it off, it's square.
You know what I mean?
So, when you're going to put it in there, this is just, like, trying to laminate something.
But this is the process you would go with, like, if I was going to laminate this,
well, the first thing I would do is dust it off because it's good.
I don't know, I'm not good, dude.
I got 500 fucking things.
I got some guy that got here at 8 o'clock to interview me.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got it.
I just got too much going on, man.
I sold two solvent printers last week.
I need to get a ladder too so I can hang my banners on the wall.
I have a ladder to use it.
Let's be careful on it.
Anyways, you know, like, the dirtier your environment is, the more chances of it.
So, if this is like this, you can leave it out in the sun or, you know, flatten it out before you're going to use it.
It's a little easier.
If that's in your way, it doesn't have to be there.
That's for when you're doing laminate.
Doing what?
Laminate.
Laminate.
So, now that we have it going,
like, obviously, like, see how square that is going in right now?
If I think it was wrinkling and doing all kinds of crazy shit right now, I wouldn't just go for it.
You know what I mean?
Like, I would stop and, like, regroup the situation and, like, make sure I'm lined up.
Yeah, but here, give it a second.
So, now I want to laminate this.
What I would do is I would take it here,
get it, like, see, like, no, it's stuck up there.
So, like, having an, having an unsquare edge, you're at a disadvantage right out of the gate.
Like, you're already, you're just asking to fuck it up.
No, because I'm going to put it in there, but I'm going to show you what's going to happen.
Like, if you don't put it in there square, your chances of getting it good.
Like, what I got to do now is, like, I'm not even that concerned about if I hit it exactly right or left.
If I miss it by quarter of an inch, I don't really care about that so much.
I'm more interested in keeping this thing pulled apart and taunt and going in at the same time.
And normally, if it's flat, I would butt the whole thing right up in there and stop it.
You know what I mean, but now I can't.
So, I'm going to come back here and I'm going to hit the gas.
And I'm going to put it in there at the same time.
So, I'm putting it in there as it's moving.
Right.
And then I'm looking out the back, because I want to make sure it's...
See, it's stuck to the...
It got stuck to the roller and now it's stuck to the...
It's probably going back underneath because I didn't...
It's not all the way down there, but this thing is...
So, now it's stuck.
So, what you got to do is you need to reverse it.
You know what I mean?
So, we're going to hit the reverse button.
And then I'm going to hold pressure on this while I try and move it backwards and pull it out.
You know what I mean?
The reason that happened is because I let the material go into the roller without...
I need to have my backer...
I need to almost stick my...
My starting sheet under the backer of the sheet coming out.
So, you're not worrying about sticking it to the top of the roller and everything.
I got to back it up, so I'm going to hit the manual button right here.
Oh fuck, I can't even move it, dude.
So, it's stuck right here, look.
That's why I can't move.
It's not that bad.
I don't have any leverage.
It tore the laminate.
How much is left of that material?
No, no, I see it.
Oh, here, I'm going to lift this up.
I'm going to come back here and just pull this taunt on the backside.
Make sure...
Oh, this thing got moved, too.
I'll put this back to 69.
Let it back down.
Looks pretty good.
I see a little wrinkle at the top, but...
Oh, shit.
Reverse.
See, you got to stop it right there.
I'm not sure how that...
So, what's this stuff?
This regular paper?
Here, let's see this.
Hold that over there, what it needs to do.
So, feed that in there under the piece that's coming out, like that's going in.
If you can.
So, slide it up under there.
Look your fingers.
Now that you're under it, now spread your arms out like this.
Push it up in there, see?
You squirt up in there like that while you're kind of spreading it right here.
And then you put the gas on.
Let it grab it.
So, there's no time limit as to when you can stick your original in now.
You know what I mean?
So, now that we have everything squared up...
We could just go right in there and just feed it right in and just keep gas in it.
You don't need to see the numbers because if you're off my quarter inch on the edge, it's okay.
That's not going to cause a problem because you're not printing out there and you're not laminating and you're not cutting out there or whatever.
So, you'll get better at it as you go.
But what I would do right here, I'm going to slice this off right here.
I'm just trying to teach you a process where you don't fuck everything up that you're trying.
Yeah.
So, now that...
I've wasted two rolls in there.
All right, we'll look it.
See how it is right now?
I'm going to go like this.
I'm going to take it in to right...
See that beeper right there?
That's what this is right here is the auto pause.
Once that thing comes up, it stops it so it can't wind up into a fucking knot.
So, that's a good place to stop right there.
The beeping's in a noxious song and it... oh fuck.
Okay.
So, do you want to laminate it?
I'll show you how to do it.
I'll show you how I would do it.
So, you cut off this edge right here.
So, I would go like this.
There's my little raggy rag out there.
I ordered a couple cutting mats.
You want a thousand dollars from them?
No, I found them at...
My mind sure is going to figure a hundred and fifty bucks.
I found it for $79.
It's a piece of black DDC.
5D wide, 10D long.
So, I would take this right here and roll it up like this.
And now we've got, like, there's dust all over the back of it.
That we're contending with, you know what I mean?
So...
Yeah, I suppose.
So...
I'm going to try, I'm probably going to try and dust it up as I'm feeding it in there
because I normally, I want to have this a little tighter,
wrapped so I can grab a hold of it better.
So, I can drop it after a while, but I don't want to drop it because if it hits the floor,
it's going to get all fucked up, you know what I mean?
So, I would take this, feed it under there.
I let this go in too far earlier because I wasn't paying attention.
So, I'm about squared up right there.
And so, I'm taking this and I'm...
Okay, you're right here at 60.
Yeah, so I'm not, like I said before, I'm more concerned about this squared up part of it than the edges as far as that goes.
Right.
But I want to be close.
Yeah, so I pull it back.
So, like, I mean, this is your ticket right here.
You let the printer cut the shit off, you know what I mean?
And then...
Oh, damn, that's right.
Then cut it.
But I know what I do is I put it to, before I got it up, and I keep this and I just put my hand against this.
So, you know, yeah, yeah.
So, come over here and feel this, dude.
Like, grab a hold of it tight, pull it away a little bit and push it up in there.
And you'll feel like you feel like sitting right up in there.
So, once it's sitting up in there and you feel like confident where it's at,
you're ready to give it gas.
And then as you're giving it gas, you're going to be unrolling this.
And then, possibly, if you see a big chunk of dust or some shit in there,
you're going to beat that one, and dust it off as it's going in there.
That's why you, like, printing like all the way on the roll,
and then taking that whole roll off and printing through there,
you have, like, less chance of having that type of problem.
You know what I mean?
Like, there's a little dusty spot right there.
So, there's some blood over there on the thing.
Yes, from my home.
So, like, you can take it with one hand and hold it back and dust it off as you go,
or whatever, because right now, you're not doing anything.
It's doing all the work for you.
There's nothing you can really do at this point, so forgive it, gas.
And make sure it's not dusty when it flies in there.
Keep it on speed one, dude, even if it takes longer, but whatever.
You can go to two if you're doing a whole roll.
And, like, we haven't even talked about the heat yet.
Like, now you could probably apply heat, and now you get rid of the silvering in the background.
It'll see there's a piece of hair in this one.
Where are you right now?
Yeah, right in the fish, dude.
In the logo, it sucks.
Now, I stop it right there, and then put the next piece of paper in.
Well, this is where you got to decide what you're going to be doing.
Like, are you done laminating at this point?
So, yeah, you basically do the same thing.
You get it to here or there or wherever.
Like, that's perfect right there.
Go ahead and get your paper ready.
Shove it under there.
Step on the gas.
Pull it through till it's just under it.
And until this is out onto this table right here, so you can slice this off.
And then you can leave it.
Well, you can't leave it.
You're going to have to tape it on there again.
And so, you want to keep the...
You want to keep it off of the edge.
You don't want it all the way up in here where it's wrapping itself up around the rolling shit.
You know what I mean?
So, if you push it up in there snug and you feel good about it, then just step on the gas.
And stop.
That's okay.
So, like, that was what, 24-inch paper you're using?
Yeah.
That got you...
You still need to go more.
Like, look where you're at back here.
Yeah, so I need...
Well, like...
A wider piece.
Well, what's going to happen right now is...
This is what...
A lot of times, like with a sheet like this...
Right.
I'll laminate it by hand.
Not by hand.
The same process I showed you.
Get it square.
But then you shove it up in there.
Get it started.
And just hold the backer and roll it up in your hand as it's going through.
Let the document hang down to the floor.
Right.
And just pull the backer up.
If you're just doing a sheet of stickers, it's less wasteful, dude.
And you don't have to fuck around with all this weeding and everything.
You know, you have it cut to exact size of your media pre-done.
You just lay down the front edge.
Like, lay down the first three or four inches of it.
Flat and square.
And then just pinch it in there and get it started.
Pull the backer up and then just give it gas and pull the backer up.
Let it come out the rear.
Just make sure it clears the deck and it's coming out the back.
And then a lot of times with, like, not doing a lot,
that's the way I would do it.
I mean, look at it over here.
It looks good.
But you still got to come forward more,
because you need your registration marks right here for your cutter.
So you're going to need to put another piece of paper under it.
And then let that go through until, you know,
this gets down to this cutting line.
And then you should be able to slice it off right there.
And then when you give a gas next time,
all you got to do is just remember to tape it to the thing down here.
Come on, this thing.
That's a cool blade right there.
I need to get one of those.
It needs to be taught, I think, for it to.
You got to push down.
Like, the blade is in there, but you...
I think once you get through, you can pull it back.
Watch that, head down over there.
Yeah.
Hang on a second.
Hang it.
It's going to pull it through,
but this edge of this paper has got caught up there here a little bit.
Go ahead and go a little bit more.
